Feature: Condition Home UI Verification

Background: Mike Performs Login
Given Mike opens the browser and goes to RxNova URL
When He enters valid username, valid password and clicks on Login
Then He checks whether the application displays the Environment selection screen
And He selects Region and checks whether the Landing Page is displayed.

Scenario: Mike Navigates to Conditions Homepage
When Mike navigates from Landing page to "Condition" application
Then He checks whether the Conditions Home is displayed. 

Scenario: Mike Checks Breadcrumb display
When Mike clicks the Conditions Home Tab
Then He verifies that the Condition Home breadcrumb is displayed.

Scenario: Mike Checks Breadcrumb Order
When Mike clicks the Conditions Home Tab
Then He verifies that the Condition Home Icon is displayed before the Condition Home Breadcrumb.

Scenario Outline: Mike Determines Clickability of Conditions Tabs
Given Mike is on the Conditions Home Tab
When He clicks on <Tab>
Then He should see the contents of the tab. 

Examples:
|Tab|
|Mass Change|
|Reporting|
|Field Admin|

Scenario: Mike Determines Visibility of Search Panel
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then He should be able to view the search panel.

Scenario: Mike Verifies the Fields in the Search Panel
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then He should be able to view the the following labels in the Search Panel: Master Customer Set, Type, Condition ID, Name, Status, and Source.

Scenario Outline: Mike Verifies Drop Down List functionality
When Mike clicks on <dropdownlist>
Then He should be able to view the available <contents>. 

Examples:
    |dropdownlist       |contents                                    |
    |Master Customer Set|Master Customer Set                         |
    |Type               |Single and Compound                         |
    |Status             |Not Ready, Ready for Use, Do Not Use Anymore|
    |Source             |Field, Drug List, Pharmacy List, Prescriber |

Scenario: Mike Verifies functionality of text edit fields
Given Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
And Mike is able view the prefix CD beside the Condition ID edit field
Then He should be able to click on the <editfield>.

Examples:
    |edit field  |
    |Condition ID|
    |Name        |

Scenario: Mike Checks Existence of Advanced Search link 
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then He should be able to view the Advanced Search link displayed in blue color. 

Scenario: Mike Verifies Sub-Status and Tag Labels in Search Panel
When Mike clicks on the Advanced Search link
Then He should view the Sub-Status and Tag Labels

Scenario: Mike Verifies Drop Down List functionality for Sub-Status
When Mike clicks on Sub-Status
Then He should view the Associated and Not Associated options

Scenario: Mike Verifies Tags Edit in Search Panel 
Given Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link
Then He should view the Tags edit field.

Scenario: Mike Determines Whether Tags Table displays correctly
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link 
Then He should see the Tags table displaying with TagName column.

Scenario: Mike Verifies Check Box display for Tags Table
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link
Then He should see the Check Box displayed before the TagName column.

Scenario: Mike Verifies the "No records found" display for the Tags Table
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link
Then the "No records found" message should display below the TagName column for Tags Table

Scenario: Mike Checks Whether Add Button is enabled
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link
Then the Add Button should be enabled and should display beside the Tags edit field.

Scenario: Mike Verifies Remove Selected Button in Search Panel
When He clicks on Advanced Search Link
Then the Remove Selected Button should be disabled

Scenario: Mike Verifies Search and Reset Buttons
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then Search and Reset Buttons should display at the bottom of the Search Panel

Scenario: Mike Verifies New Button
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then New Button should display above the results panel

Scneario: Mike Verifies Results Panel
When Mike clicks on the Conditions Home Tab
Then Results Panel should display beside Search Panel



